doc/components/text.md, before:

# &lt;text&gt;
<span class="weex-version">0.4</span>

### Summary

Render text with specified style rule, `<text>` tag can contain text value only. You can use variable interpolation in the text content with the mark `{{}}`.

### Child Components

This component supports no child components but a text content.

### Attributes

- `value`: &lt;string&gt; text value of this component. This is equal to the content of `<text>`.

Other attributes please check out the [common attributes](../references/common-attrs.md).

### Styles

- `lines`: specify the text lines. Default value is `0` for unlimited.

**text styles**: checkout [text styles](../references/text-style.md)

- support `color` style.
- support `font-size` style.
	+ iOS: default vlaue `32`
  + Android: platform specify
  + HTML5: default value `32`
- support `font-style` style.
- support `font-weight` style.
- support `text-decoration` style.
- support `text-align` style.
- support `text-overflow` style.
- support `line-height`<sup class="wx-v">0.6.1</sup> style. line-height in iOS is different from h5 and Android, text value will be placed at bottom of line box.
- not support `flex-direction`, `justify-content`, `align-items` which is active for child nodes, and text has no child nodes.

**common styles**: check out [common styles for components](../references/common-style.md)

- support flexbox related styles
- support box model related styles
- support `position` related styles
- support `opacity`, `background-color` etc.

### Events

**common events**: check out the [common events](../references/common-event.md)

- support `click` event. Check out [common events](../references/common-event.md)
- support `appear` / `disappear` event. Check out [common events](../references/common-event.md)

### Example

```
<div>
  <text>...</text>
  <text value="..."></text>
  <text style="font-size: 24; text-decoration: underline;">{{price}}</text>
  <text value="{{...}}"></text>
</div>
```

Commit message:

* [android] add documentation for text.

doc/components/text.md, after:

# &lt;text&gt;
<span class="weex-version">0.4</span>

### Summary

Render text with specified style rule, `<text>` tag can contain text value only. You can use variable interpolation in the text content with the mark `{{}}`.

### Child Components

This component supports no child components but a text content.

### Attributes

- `value`: &lt;string&gt; text value of this component. This is equal to the content of `<text>`.

Other attributes please check out the [common attributes](../references/common-attrs.md).

### Styles

- `lines`: specify the text lines. Default value is `0` for unlimited.

**text styles**: checkout [text styles](../references/text-style.md)

- support `color` style.
- support `font-size` style.
	+ iOS: default vlaue `32`
  + Android: platform specify
  + HTML5: default value `32`
- support `font-style` style.
- support `font-weight` style.
- support `text-decoration` style.
- support `text-align` style.
- support `text-overflow` style.
- support `line-height`<sup class="wx-v">0.6.1</sup> style. line-height in iOS is different from h5 and Android, text value will be placed at bottom of line box.
- not support `flex-direction`, `justify-content`, `align-items` which is active for child nodes, and text has no child nodes.

**common styles**: check out [common styles for components](../references/common-style.md)

- support flexbox related styles
- support box model related styles
- support `position` related styles
- support `opacity`, `background-color` etc.

### Events

**common events**: check out the [common events](../references/common-event.md)

- support `click` event. Check out [common events](../references/common-event.md)
- support `appear` / `disappear` event. Check out [common events](../references/common-event.md)

### Notes
* If a `height` is given in CSS, text will clip to the given height even if the height of text content is larger than that.
* The default for `line-height` is the value of `font-size`. But, this **doesn't** mean `<text style="height:32;font-size:32">Hello World</text>` won't be clipped on any device. `font-size` **only** indicates the distance between top line and bottom line of the glyph. The typeface can draw glyph on anywhere it likes, even beyond the top line or bottom line.

### Example

```
<div>
  <text>...</text>
  <text value="..."></text>
  <text style="font-size: 24; text-decoration: underline;">{{price}}</text>
  <text value="{{...}}"></text>
</div>
```
